---
title: Partner with indirect providers in CSP | Partner Center
description: "As an indirect reseller in CSP, you work with indirect providers (also known as distributors) who have a direct relationship with Microsoft and can provide customer support and billing. This means you don’t have to begin on your own but can instead work with an experienced technology provider to help ensure your success. In the provider-reseller (two-tier) model, the provider buys cloud solutions and services from Microsoft that you resell to customers."
ms.prod: 
author: MaggiePucciEvans
ms.openlocfilehash: 2b2b8fc3a58a3ff67c1a96558df49a594fe8e74f
ms.sourcegitcommit: e79f756c7203751b8fd6ad26883a0568c91a6c8b
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: pt-BR
ms.lasthandoff: 08/16/2017
---
# <a name="partner-with-indirect-providers-in-the-cloud-solution-provider-program"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-105">Partner with indirect providers in the Cloud Solution Provider program</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-105">Partner with indirect providers in the Cloud Solution Provider program</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-106">The rapidly growing demand for cloud-based solutions and services provides many opportunities for Microsoft partners of all sizes to build profitable cloud solution businesses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-106">The rapidly growing demand for cloud-based solutions and services provides many opportunities for Microsoft partners of all sizes to build profitable cloud solution businesses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-107">Os parceiros que estão prontos para se inserir no mercado, mas que não querem gerenciar vários fornecedores ou que podem não ter uma infraestrutura de cobrança e suporte de cliente de ponta a ponta, podem inscrever-se no programa de provedor de soluções na nuvem (CSP) da Microsoft como revendedores indiretos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-107">Partners who are ready to enter the market, but who don't want to have to manage multiple vendors, or who may not have an end-to-end customer relationship management infrastructure in place, can enroll in Microsoft’s Cloud Solution Provider (CSP) program as indirect resellers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-108">Como um revendedor indireto no CSP, você trabalha com provedores indiretos (também conhecidos como distribuidores), que têm uma relação direta com a Microsoft e podem fornecer suporte e cobrança ao cliente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-108">As an indirect reseller in CSP, you work with indirect providers (also known as distributors) who have a direct relationship with Microsoft and can provide you with customer support and billing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-109">This means you don’t have to begin on your own but can instead work with an experienced technology provider to help ensure your success.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-109">This means you don’t have to begin on your own but can instead work with an experienced technology provider to help ensure your success.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-110">In the provider-reseller (two-tier) model, the provider buys cloud solutions and services from Microsoft that you resell to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-110">In the provider-reseller (two-tier) model, the provider buys cloud solutions and services from Microsoft that you resell to customers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-111">Different indirect providers offer different support and services, so you should evaluate the providers in your area to determine which ones best meet your needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-111">Different indirect providers offer different support and services, so you should evaluate the providers in your area to determine which ones best meet your needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-112">Generally, most providers will:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-112">Generally, most providers will:</span></span> 

-   <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-113">Fornecer treinamento e assistência técnica</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-113">Provide you with technical training and assistance</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-114">Ajudar a comercializar seus produtos e serviços</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-114">Help you market your products and services</span></span> 
-   <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-115">Ajudar a estabelecer termos de financiamento e crédito</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-115">Help you establish financing and credit terms</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-116">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-116">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-117">Para saber mais sobre o que é necessário para venda no programa CSP, como um revendedor indireto, consulte [Começar como um revendedor indireto](https://partner.microsoft.com/cloud-solution-provider/whats-required) no [site Microsoft Partner Network](https://partner.microsoft.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-117">For more information about what’s required to sell in the CSP program as an indirect reseller, see [Get started as an indirect reseller](https://partner.microsoft.com/cloud-solution-provider/whats-required) on the [Microsoft Partner Network website](https://partner.microsoft.com/).</span></span> 


## <a name="enroll-as-an-indirect-reseller-in-the-cloud-solution-provider-program"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-118">Registrar como um novo revendedor indireto no programa provedor de soluções na nuvem</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-118">Enroll as an indirect reseller in the Cloud Solution Provider program</span></span>

><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-119">**Note**  If you are already enrolled in CSP, you may need to provide only customer support contact information to create a reseller account on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-119">**Note**  If you are already enrolled in CSP, you may need to provide only customer support contact information to create a reseller account on Partner Center.</span></span> 

### <a name="before-you-begin"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-120">Before you begin</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-120">Before you begin</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-121">If you are new to CSP, you’ll need to enroll in the program as an indirect reseller and create an account on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-121">If you are new to CSP, you’ll need to enroll in the program as an indirect reseller and create an account on Partner Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-122">To do so, you’ll need to provide the following information during the enrollment process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-122">To do so, you’ll need to provide the following information during the enrollment process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-123">You may want to take a few minutes to gather these items before you get started:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-123">You may want to take a few minutes to gather these items before you get started:</span></span>

-   **<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-124">Credenciais de administrador global para sua conta corporativa</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-124">Global administrator credentials for your work account</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-125">Você precisará fornecer o nome de usuário e senha que você usa para fazer login no Office 365, Microsoft Azure ou Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-125">You’ll need to provide the user name and password you use to sign into Office 365, Microsoft Azure, or Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-126">Se ainda não tiver uma conta corporativa, você pode criar uma durante o processo de inscrição.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-126">If you don’t have a work account, you can create one during the enrollment process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-127">Se você não sabe se já tem uma conta corporativa, consulte [Contas corporativas e o Partner Center](azure-active-directory-tenants-and-partner-center.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-127">If you don’t know whether you already have a work account, see [Work accounts and Partner Center](azure-active-directory-tenants-and-partner-center.md).</span></span>


-   **<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-128">O nome de usuário e senha que você usa para efetuar login no site Partner Membership Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-128">The user name and password you use to sign in to the Partner Membership Center site</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-129">We use this information to link your organization's Microsoft Partner Network ID (MPN ID) with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and data in Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-129">We use this information to link your organization's Microsoft Partner Network ID (MPN ID) with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and data in Partner Center.</span></span>

-   **<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-130">Your organization’s legal business name, address, primary contact, and support details</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-130">Your organization’s legal business name, address, primary contact, and support details</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-131">We need this information to confirm that your organization has an established profile with Microsoft and that you are authorized to act on its behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-131">We need this information to confirm that your organization has an established profile with Microsoft and that you are authorized to act on its behalf.</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-132">Please note that it can take us several days to review and verify the information you’ve provided.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-132">Please note that it can take us several days to review and verify the information you’ve provided.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-133">We’ll email your primary contact when we’ve completed our review.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-133">We’ll email your primary contact when we’ve completed our review.</span></span>

### <a name="get-started"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-134">Get started</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-134">Get started</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-135">Kick off the enrollment process [here](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/pcv/register/joinnow/enrollmentwelcome/valueaddedreseller).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-135">Kick off the enrollment process [here](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/pcv/register/joinnow/enrollmentwelcome/valueaddedreseller).</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-136">Reveja a página **Boas-vindas** se tiver as informações necessárias para registro e, em seguida, selecione **Avançar**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-136">Review the **Welcome** page to be sure you have the information you need to enroll, and then select **Next**.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-137">Entre com as informações da sua conta.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-137">Sign in with your work account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-138">Selecione **Login** e insira o nome de usuário e senha que você usa para fazer login como um administrador global para o Office 365, Microsoft Azure ou Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-138">Select **Sign in** and then enter the user name and password you use to sign in as a global admin for Office 365, Microsoft Azure, or Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-139">Se você não tiver uma conta corporativa, selecione **Criar uma** para configurar uma agora.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-139">If you don't have a work account, select **Create one** to set one up now.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-140">Depois de configurar uma conta corporativa, faça login usando as credenciais da sua nova conta.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-140">After creating your work account, sign in using the global admin credentials for your new account.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-141">Examine as informações sobre como associar seu ID do Microsoft Partner Network (ID de MPN) com sua nova conta do Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-141">Review the information about how to associate your Microsoft Partner Network ID (MPN ID) with your new Partner Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-142">We need to link your organization's MPN ID with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and incentives on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-142">We need to link your organization's MPN ID with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and incentives on Partner Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-143">Select **Sign in**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-143">Select **Sign in**.</span></span>

5.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-144">Enter the user name you use to sign in to the Partner Membership Center (PMC) site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-144">Enter the user name you use to sign in to the Partner Membership Center (PMC) site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-145">The Partner Membership Center site is where you currently manage your Microsoft partner account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-145">The Partner Membership Center site is where you currently manage your Microsoft partner account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-146">Signing in to Partner Membership Center allows us to retrieve your MPN ID and associate it to your new Partner Center account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-146">Signing in to Partner Membership Center allows us to retrieve your MPN ID and associate it to your new Partner Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-147">Select **Next**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-147">Select **Next**.</span></span> 

6.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-148">Enter the password for your Partner Membership Center account and then select **Sign in**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-148">Enter the password for your Partner Membership Center account and then select **Sign in**.</span></span>

7.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-149">Select the organization profile with the MPN ID that’s linked to your incentives, membership benefits, and competencies so we can move this information to your Partner Center account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-149">Select the organization profile with the MPN ID that’s linked to your incentives, membership benefits, and competencies so we can move this information to your Partner Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-150">Select **Continue**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-150">Select **Continue**.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-151">If the MPN ID you want to use is not listed on this page, select **Cancel** and sign in again with the user name and password for the organization profile you want to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-151">If the MPN ID you want to use is not listed on this page, select **Cancel** and sign in again with the user name and password for the organization profile you want to use.</span></span> 

    ><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-152">**Important**  Select the MPN ID associated with an active organization profile that’s located in the same country/region as your Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-152">**Important**  Select the MPN ID associated with an active organization profile that’s located in the same country/region as your Azure AD tenant.</span></span>

8.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-153">Provide or update your organization’s legal business profile, primary contact information, and customer support information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-153">Provide or update your organization’s legal business profile, primary contact information, and customer support information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-154">Select **Enroll now**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-154">Select **Enroll now**.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-155">The primary contact should be the person in your organization we can contact about your application (this can be you or another person in your organization).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-155">The primary contact should be the person in your organization we can contact about your application (this can be you or another person in your organization).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-156">Observe que não aceitamos endereços de email de serviços de email baseado na Web, como Gmail, Yahoo!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-156">Please note that we don’t accept email addresses from Web-based email services such as Gmail, Yahoo!</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-157">Mail, iCloud Mail, AOL Mail ou o email do Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-157">Mail, iCloud Mail, AOL Mail, or Outlook Mail.</span></span> 

    ><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-158">**Important** To help ensure your organization’s security and privacy, we’ll email your primary contact to verify that (1) he or she signed up for a Partner Center account, and (2) that this email address belongs to your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-158">**Important** To help ensure your organization’s security and privacy, we’ll email your primary contact to verify that (1) he or she signed up for a Partner Center account, and (2) that this email address belongs to your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-159">After the primary contact verifies his or her email address, we’ll continue our review of the information you provided.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-159">After the primary contact verifies his or her email address, we’ll continue our review of the information you provided.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-160">We’ll email enrollment status updates to the primary contact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-160">We’ll email enrollment status updates to the primary contact.</span></span>

9.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-161">When your Partner Center account is ready to use, verify that you’ve been added to the admin agent group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-161">When your Partner Center account is ready to use, verify that you’ve been added to the admin agent group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-162">To finish setting up your account, including adding other users, you must have admin agent permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-162">To finish setting up your account, including adding other users, you must have admin agent permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-163">Follow these steps to view or update your permissions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-163">Follow these steps to view or update your permissions:</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-164">a.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-164">a.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-165">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management** and select your name from the users list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-165">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management** and select your name from the users list.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-166">b.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-166">b.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-167">Selecione **Agente administrador** se ainda não estiver selecionado e, em seguida, selecione **Atualizar**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-167">Select **Admin agent** if it’s not already selected and then select **Update**.</span></span>   

## <a name="add-a-new-user"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-168">Adicionar um novo usuário</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-168">Add a new user</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-169">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-169">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management**.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-170">Select **Add user**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-170">Select **Add user**.</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-171">Enter the user’s full name and unique email address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-171">Enter the user’s full name and unique email address.</span></span>

4. <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-172">Select the type of agent and the type of admin.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-172">Select the type of agent and the type of admin.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-173">Partner Center access is role-based, so you can assign permissions to customize the user's view to show only the features the user needs to complete specific tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-173">Partner Center access is role-based, so you can assign permissions to customize the user's view to show only the features the user needs to complete specific tasks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-174">For more information about what each role can do, see [Assign user permissions](#assignuserpermissions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-174">For more information about what each role can do, see [Assign user permissions](#assignuserpermissions).</span></span>

5. <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-175">Select **Add** to create the user account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-175">Select **Add** to create the user account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-176">Confirm the user's details on the next page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-176">Confirm the user's details on the next page.</span></span>


>**<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-177">Important</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-177">Important</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-178">Make a note of the new user's sign-in information displayed on this page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-178">Make a note of the new user's sign-in information displayed on this page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-179">Be sure to copy and send this information to the new user as you will not be able to access it again later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-179">Be sure to copy and send this information to the new user as you will not be able to access it again later.</span></span> <br>

><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-180">The user will need to sign in to Partner Center with their user name and temporary password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-180">The user will need to sign in to Partner Center with their user name and temporary password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-181">Quando o usuário entrar no Partner Center pela primeira vez, ele precisará alterar sua senha.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-181">When the user signs in to Partner Center for the first time, they are prompted to change their password.</span></span>        

## <a name="assign-user-permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-182">Atribuir permissões de usuário</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-182">Assign user permissions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-183">O acesso do Partner Center é baseado em função, portanto, você pode atribuir permissões para personalizar o modo de exibição do usuário e mostrar somente os recursos que o usuário precisa para completar tarefas específicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-183">Partner Center access is role-based, so you can assign permissions to customize your organization's users' view to show only the features they need to complete specific tasks.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-184">Para cada usuário, você deve selecionar dois níveis de permissão ou selecionar **não é um administrador** ou **não é um agente**:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-184">For each user, you must select two permission levels or select **not an admin** or **not an agent**:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-185">Permissões de agente controlam que tipo de dados de cliente e informações de conta o usuário pode ver e alterar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-185">Agent permissions control what kind of customer data and account information the user can see and change.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-186">Permissões de administrador controlam o nível de acesso do usuário aos recursos do Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-186">Admin permissions control the level of access the user has to Partner Center features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-187">Essa configuração tem impacto fora do Partner Center, pois um Administrador de cobrança poderá acessar as listas de todos os serviços Microsoft (mesmo aqueles não relacionados a CSP) e um Administrador global poderá acessar contas de usuário e contas de clientes além do CSP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-187">This setting has impact outside of Partner Center --  a global admin can access user accounts and customer accounts beyond CSP.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-188">A tabela a seguir explica o que cada função pode fazer no Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-188">The following table explains what each role can do in Partner Center.</span></span>

<table>
<colgroup>
<col width="33%" />
<col width="33%" />
<col width="33%" />
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-189">Role in Partner Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-189">Role in Partner Center</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-190">What they can do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-190">What they can do</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-191">What they can't do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-191">What they can't do</span></span></strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-192">Agente administrador</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-192">Admin agent</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-193">Solicitações de integridade e serviços para clientes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-193">Service health and service requests for customers</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-194">Solicitar privilégios de administrador</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-194">Request delegated administrator privileges</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-195">Administrar em nome de um cliente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-195">Administer on behalf of a customer</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-196">Gerenciamento de usuários</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-196">User management</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-197">Solicitações de serviço para o Partner Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-197">Service requests for Partner Center</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-198">Agente de suporte técnico</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-198">Helpdesk agent</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-199">Pesquisar e exibir um cliente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-199">Search for and view a customer</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-200">Integridade do serviço</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-200">Service health</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-201">Request support on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-201">Request support on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-202">Manage subscriptions and services on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-202">Manage subscriptions and services on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-203">Exibir perfis de parceiros</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-203">View partner profiles</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-204">Solicite um relacionamento com um cliente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-204">Request a relationship with a customer</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-205">Gerencie clientes em potencial</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-205">Manage customer leads</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-206">Administração global</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-206">Global admin</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-207">Can access all Microsoft account/services with full privileges</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-207">Can access all Microsoft account/services with full privileges</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-208">Criar tíquetes de suporte para o Partner Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-208">Create support tickets for Partner Center</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-209">Exibir, criar e gerenciar usuários de parceiros</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-209">View, create, and manage partner users</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-210">Aceite a solicitação de parceria de um provedor indireto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-210">Accept a partnership request from an indirect provider</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-211">Administrador de gerenciamento de usuário</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-211">User management admin</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-212">View, create, and manage users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-212">View, create, and manage users</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-213">Exibir todos os perfis de parceiros</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-213">View all partner profiles</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## <a name="connect-with-an-indirect-provider"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-214">Conectar-se com um provedor indireto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-214">Connect with an indirect provider</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-215">Trabalhar com um provedor indireto permite que você ofereça uma seleção mais ampla de serviços de nuvem da Microsoft e soluções para seus clientes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-215">Working with an indirect provider allows you to offer a broader selection of Microsoft’s cloud-based services and solutions to your customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-216">Provedores indiretos têm os sistemas e a infraestrutura no lugar certo para oferecer um nível robusto de cobrança de cliente e suporte, para que você possa se concentrar em suas soluções de tecnologia e contratos com clientes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-216">Indirect providers have the systems and infrastructure in place to provide you with a robust level of billing and support, so you can focus on your technology solutions and customer engagements.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-217">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-217">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-218">When you find a provider you want to partner with, contact them directly to discuss their reseller programs, level of support, and terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-218">When you find a provider you want to partner with, contact them directly to discuss their reseller programs, level of support, and terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-219">If both you and the provider want to work together, you’ll need to connect your accounts on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-219">If both you and the provider want to work together, you’ll need to connect your accounts on Partner Center.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-220">If an indirect provider wants to connect with you on Partner Center, they’ll kick off the following workflow:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-220">If an indirect provider wants to connect with you on Partner Center, they’ll kick off the following workflow:</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-221">The indirect provider emails you an invitation to authorize them to be your indirect provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-221">The indirect provider emails you an invitation to authorize them to be your indirect provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-222">The email includes a link to Partner Center and will associate your account to the provider’s account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-222">The email includes a link to Partner Center and will associate your account to the provider’s account.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-223">To accept the invitation, follow the link in the provider’s email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-223">To accept the invitation, follow the link in the provider’s email.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-224">You may need to sign in to Partner Center again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-224">You may need to sign in to Partner Center again.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-225">To confirm the partnership with the provider, check the box and then select **Authorize indirect provider**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-225">To confirm the partnership with the provider, check the box and then select **Authorize indirect provider**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-226">The provider is now listed on your **Indirect providers** page and your company is now listed on the provider's **Indirect resellers** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-226">The provider is now listed on your **Indirect providers** page and your company is now listed on the provider's **Indirect resellers** page.</span></span>

    ><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-227">**Note**  When you establish a partnership with an indirect provider, you’re authorizing them to submit orders and add subscriptions on behalf of your customers, and you’re granting them administrator access to your Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-227">**Note**  When you establish a partnership with an indirect provider, you’re authorizing them to submit orders and add subscriptions on behalf of your customers, and you’re granting them administrator access to your Azure AD tenant.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-228">Select **Indirect providers** from your **Dashboard** menu to see a list of the providers you have a partnership with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-228">Select **Indirect providers** from your **Dashboard** menu to see a list of the providers you have a partnership with.</span></span> 

5.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-229">Selecione **Exibir clientes** para ver uma lista dos clientes que você e o provedor compartilham.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-229">Select **View customers** to see a list of the customers you and the provider share.</span></span>

6.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-230">Selecione **Convidar novos clientes** para solicitar um novo cliente e autorizar relações de revendedor com você e seu provedor indireto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-230">Select **Invite new customers** to ask a new customer to authorize reseller relationships with both you and your indirect provider at the same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-231">Certifique-se de ter o endereço de e-mail do cliente à mão para que você possa enviar e-mail de convite.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-231">Be sure to have the customer’s email address on hand so you can email the invitation to them.</span></span>  

    ><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-232">**Important**  Your indirect provider needs to have a reseller relationship with your customers to submit orders on their behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-232">**Important**  Your indirect provider needs to have a reseller relationship with your customers to submit orders on their behalf.</span></span> 
 
## <a name="connect-with-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-233">Conecte-se com clientes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-233">Connect with customers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-234">Para transações com clientes no Partner Center, os clientes devem ter contas do Partner Center e você deve estabelecer relações de revendedor com eles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-234">To transact with customers on Partner Center, your customers must have Partner Center accounts and you must establish reseller relationships with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-235">Para permitir que seu provedor indireto adquira assinaturas e serviços em nome do cliente, o provedor indireto também deve ter uma relação de revendedor com seus clientes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-235">To allow your indirect provider to purchase subscriptions and services on your customers' behalf, the provider must also have reseller relationships with your customers.</span></span> 

### <a name="connect-with-existing-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-236">Conecte-se com clientes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-236">Connect with existing customers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-237">Os clientes com quem você já fez transações por meio de outros portais, como o centro de administração do Office 365 ou o portal de administração do Microsoft Azure, aparecerão na sua lista de clientes no Partner Center depois que você se registrar com êxito como um revendedor indireto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-237">Customers that you already transact with through other portals, such as the Office 365 partner admin center or the Microsoft Azure admin portal, will appear in your customer list on Partner Center after you successfully enroll as an indirect reseller.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-238">Selecione **Painel** e então **Clientes** para ver sua lista de clientes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-238">Select **Dashboard** and then **Customers** to see your customer list.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-239">Se qualquer um dos seus clientes atuais não estiverem na sua lista de clientes, talvez seja necessário estabelecer relações de revendedor com eles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-239">If any of your existing customers are missing from your customer list, you may need to establish reseller relationships with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-240">Para fazer isso, você envia por email um convite para se conectar com você no Partner Center, conforme descrito a seguir.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-240">To do so, you email them an invitation to connect with you on Partner Center, as described below.</span></span>

#### <a name="invite-a-customer-to-establish-a-reseller-relationship-with-you"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-241">Convide um cliente para estabelecer uma relação de revendedor com você</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-241">Invite a customer to establish a reseller relationship with you</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-242">Select **Customers** from your **Dashboard** menu and then select **Request a reseller relationship**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-242">Select **Customers** from your **Dashboard** menu and then select **Request a reseller relationship**.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-243">On the next page, review the draft email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-243">On the next page, review the draft email message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-244">You can open the draft message in email or you can copy the message to your clipboard and paste it into an email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-244">You can open the draft message in email or you can copy the message to your clipboard and paste it into an email.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-245">You can edit the text in the email, but be sure to include the link as it is personalized to link the customer directly to your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-245">You can edit the text in the email, but be sure to include the link as it is personalized to link the customer directly to your account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-246">Select **Done** when you’ve completed this step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-246">Select **Done** when you’ve completed this step.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-247">Envie o e-mail para seu cliente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-247">Send the email to your customer.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-248">Depois que o cliente aceita seu convite, eles aparecerão em sua página **Clientes**, e você poderá provisionar e gerenciar o serviço para o cliente a partir daí.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-248">After the customer accepts your invitation, they'll appear on your **Customers** page and you'll be able to manage the their subscriptions and service from there.</span></span>

5.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-249">Para gerenciar a conta do cliente, serviços, usuários e licenças, expanda o registro do cliente, selecionando a seta para baixo perto de seu nome.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-249">To manage the customer’s account, services, users, and licenses, expand the customer’s record by selecting the down arrow near their name.</span></span>


### <a name="connect-with-new-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-250">Conecte-se com clientes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-250">Connect with new customers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-251">Quando você atrair novos clientes, precisará se conectar com eles no Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-251">When you attract new customers, you’ll need to connect with them on Partner Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-252">You may get new customers through multiple channels, including:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-252">You may get new customers through multiple channels, including:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-253">Your own marketing activities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-253">Your own marketing activities</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-254">Microsoft referrals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-254">Microsoft referrals</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-255">Indirect providers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-255">Indirect providers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-256">To manage a customer’s subscriptions and services on their behalf, you need to have a reseller relationship with them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-256">To manage a customer’s subscriptions and services on their behalf, you need to have a reseller relationship with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-257">Para permitir que seu provedor indireto envie pedidos em nome do cliente, o provedor indireto também deve ter uma relação de revendedor com eles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-257">To allow your indirect provider to submit orders on your customer’s behalf, the indirect provider must also have a reseller relationship with them.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-258">Para obter as permissões de administrador para gerenciar assinaturas e serviços de um novo cliente **e** permitir que seu provedor indireto envie novos pedidos em nome dele, você pode convidar o cliente para estabelecer uma relação de revendedor com você e seu provedor ao mesmo tempo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-258">To get administrator permissions to manage a new customer’s subscriptions and services **and** allow your indirect provider to submit new orders on their behalf, you can invite the customer to establish a reseller relationship with both you and your provider at the same time.</span></span> 

#### <a name="invite-a-customer-to-establish-a-reseller-relationship-with-you-and-with-your-indirect-provider-at-the-same-time"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-259">Convide um novo cliente para estabelecer relações de revendedor com você e seu provedor indireto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-259">Invite a customer to establish a reseller relationship with you and with your indirect provider at the same time</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-260">Selecione **Fornecedores indiretos** no meu **Painel**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-260">Select **Indirect providers** from your **Dashboard menu**.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-261">Selecione **Convidar novos clientes** para convidar um cliente a estabelecer uma relação de revendedor com você e a provedor indireto ao mesmo tempo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-261">Select **Invite new customers** to invite a customer to establish a reseller relationship with both you and the indirect provider at the same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-262">O provedor precisa ter uma relação de revendedor com seu cliente para que eles possam enviar pedidos em nome do cliente quando quiserem comprar novas assinaturas ou adicionar novas licenças a assinaturas existentes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-262">The provider needs to have a reseller relationship with your customer so they can submit orders on your customer’s behalf when the customer wants to buy new subscriptions or add new licenses to existing subscriptions.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-263">Na próxima página, examine a mensagem de rascunho de e-mail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-263">On the next page, review the draft email message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-264">Você pode abrir a mensagem de rascunho por e-mail ou pode copiar a mensagem na área de transferência e colá-la em um e-mail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-264">You can open the draft message in email or you can copy the message to your clipboard and paste it into an email.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-265">Você pode editar o texto no email, mas não se esqueça de incluir o link conforme ele é personalizado para vincular o cliente diretamente à sua conta e à conta de seu fornecedor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-265">You can edit the text in the email, but be sure to include the link as it is personalized to link the customer directly to both your account and your provider’s account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-266">Selecione **Concluído** quando tiver completado essa tarefa.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-266">Select **Done** when you’ve completed this step.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-267">After the customer authorizes you and your provider to be their resellers of record, you’ll have administrator permissions to manage their subscriptions, licenses, and users on their behalf, and your indirect provider will be able to submit orders on their behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-267">After the customer authorizes you and your provider to be their resellers of record, you’ll have administrator permissions to manage their subscriptions, licenses, and users on their behalf, and your indirect provider will be able to submit orders on their behalf.</span></span>

5.  <span data-ttu-id="79b6b-268">To manage the customer’s account, services, users, and licenses, expand the customer’s record by selecting the down arrow near their name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-268">To manage the customer’s account, services, users, and licenses, expand the customer’s record by selecting the down arrow near their name.</span></span>


## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="79b6b-269">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-269">Next steps</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-270">Manage your Partner Center account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-270">Manage your Partner Center account</span></span>](partner-center-account-setup.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-271">Gerenciar clientes e suas inscrições</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-271">Manage customers and their subscriptions</span></span>](customer-accounts.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-272">Crie um perfil de marketing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-272">Create a marketing profile</span></span>](create-a-marketing-profile.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="79b6b-273">Saiba mais sobre incentivos de parceiros no Partner Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79b6b-273">Learn about partner incentives on Partner Center</span></span>](manage-your-incentives-in-partner-center.md)




